fix: add note to `Intl.DisplayNames#of` about Chromium browsers (#36564)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/displaynames/of/index.md

  - : The `code` to provide depends on the `type`:

>     - If the type is "region", `code` should be either an [two-letter ISO 3166 region code](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html), or a [three-digit UN M49 geographic region](https://unstats.un.org/unsd/methodology/m49/). It is required to follow the [`unicode_region_subtag`](https://unicode.org/reports/tr35/#unicode_region_subtag) grammar. Additionally, on Chromium browsers, it must be uppercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the type is "region", `code` should be either an [two-letter ISO 3166 region code](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html), or a [three-digit UN M49 geographic region](https://unstats.un.org/unsd/methodology/m49/). It is required to follow the [`unicode_region_subtag`](https://unicode.org/reports/tr35/#unicode_region_subtag) grammar. Use uppercase codes (e.g., `"US"`) as lowercase ones (e.g., `"us"`) may not work reliably everywhere.
```
